FIND More Research Paper!!!!

USE MAPS(or objects) FOR STORING THE CHILDREN ELEMENTS WITH UUID AS KEYS AND ELEMENT OBJECT AS VALUES

Folders:
hocs
services
store
tests
routes


pages: This folder contains domain-specific/pages-based stateful components

components: This folder contains stateless, reusable and shared components.


ISSUES

1. (Done) React Iframe Component doesn't get removed form its parent after being dragged into another element even though it gets removed from the DOM
   Currently Searching: "unmount component in react hooks" and "remove a component from react virtual dom"
2. (Done) Dragging an Iframe Component and dropping in the same parent div makes the Iframe Component disappear
3. (Done) Create an add below and above add above option on either hover or right click
4. While Adding/Updating elements in the iframe do the following things:
   a. (Done)Update the DOM
   b. (Done) Update the element in the site JSON tree
   c. (Later) Update the navigator tree
5. (Done) Return dragged element to its original position if not dropped in another element 
6. (Later)Validating DOM Nesting i.e. not allowing list item to be nestes inside another list item
7. (Done) Error when dropping image element
8. (Later) Stopping Unnecessary renders of the elements
9. (Later) Implementing Undo and Redo functionalities (which will solve problem 5 & 6) 
10. (Later) Slide/Shift and Reorder sibling item while dragover -- Or provide options on right click to move items or send to top/bottom
11. (Done)Give more unique ids to elements and layout childrens
12. Elements reappearing inside previous parent after being dragged and dropped into a new parent
13. Dropping adds drop command twice
14. All the elements render when selecting an element and making changes to SelectedElementContext
15. Create separate element attributes for html attributes such as required, controls etc. 


I HAVE to find a way to access an IframeElement element and then modify it without rendering every element in the site


Solution for applying undo and redo:
   - Create the functions to perform undo and redo inside IframeElement
   - Call the undo function from CommandContext and if statement to check if the element in the current command is the IframeElement 
   - Perfrom the action for drag and drop inside the iframe element
Cons:
   - Every IframeElement will run check the if statement so it might require more processing and the program might lag. The could be solved by creating a way to accessing any element through their path and select the element and then apply the undo and redo function.
   -  


Implementation
1. Realtime db upadate
2. In-browser update and caching
3. Global function for adding, removing and moving elements